fix: process device in order as there are enumerated. (#826)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-shared: Changelog.md

[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) but contrary to it
every new version is a new major version.

## 130 - 2023-11-14

### Fixed

> -   Ensure that all enumerated devices are always processed in order to avoid
>     calling:
>     -   nrfutil device-info multiple times for the same device
>     -   only call onSuccess once for waiting for device when rebooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Ensure that all enumerated devices are always processed in order to avoid:
    -   calling nrfutil device-info multiple times for the same device
    -   only calling onSuccess once when waiting for device when rebooting
```

> -   `nrfutil device` call to `device-info` is called before notifying the app
>     with an onSelectedDevice. This is to ensure the operations to the device are
>     completed before the app possibly does any more action on it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `nrfutil device` now calls `device-info` before notifying the app
    with an onSelectedDevice. This is to ensure the operations to the device are
    completed before the app possibly does any more action on it
```
